Introduction

In this project we use time series methods to investigate a public search interest dataset for K-Pop group BTS. Our main goal is to identify ARMA models that best capture this time series data from the past five years in order to produce accurate forecasts for future publicity trends. K-pop popularity typically spreads through social media and online fandom networks, therefore examination of digital engagement through Google search trends provides a useful indicator of patterns over time. Further understanding of how BTS interest evolves over time has meaningful implications for cultural analysis for the music industry and the broader stories of celebrity lifetime dynamics.

Our research question for this data analysis asks how influential is the January 2026 outlier for estimating the trend component and ARMA forecasts of BTS search interest? To investigate this, we conducted separate trend and forecast analyses. The original time series dataset shown in Figure 1 presents two distinct interest intervals, one early high-interest phase and a recent decline phase with a gradual downward trend. To account for these two phases, we compare two trend estimation approaches: a single polynomial fit over the entire series and a piecewise polynomial model separating the early high-interest period from the later declining period. Secondly, January 2026 reveals an extreme outlier which raises the questions of genuine spike in BTS interest. We assessed this legitimacy by computing two forecast analyses with and without the outliers inclusion. 
